[ Phade :] When this reporter babe get here , she gon ' be on our tip , man . You know she gon ' wanna write about me and my man here , all kind of long articles and stuff . [ Robot Voice :] Flash Message Top Secret Ultra [ Union Crew :] Yeah , and when she does , and she puts his picture in the paper , that's gonna be the end , secret exposed , his face , for everyone to see man . That's the wack , you know . [ Robot Voice :] Ears Only [ Phade :] Yo , man , what the fuck you talkin ' ' bout , man ? That's gon ' get my man big fame , man , cash money too . [ Robot Voice :] Arrange Temporary Transfer This Agency [ Raymond ' Zoro ' :] Yo , but what about money ? Yeah . If I do this interview , will , you know , will I get paid for it ? [ Robot Voice :] Metal Face DOOM [ Phade :] Hell yeah , man ! You gon ' get G's ! [ Robot Voice :] Your Concurrence In The Above Is Assumed [ Union Crew :] Yo , where do you get your information from ? “ You're gonna get paid , ” you don't get paid for an interview and shit , you don't get paid for that . Yeah , he'll come out in it , but he's not gonna get money . [ Robot Voice :] Notify MF , KMD , GYP , CM . Effective Immediately [ Raymond ' Zoro ' :] Yeah , but that's true , what he said , man . I don't , I don't want my pictures in the papers [ Phade :] Look , man , I know how the publicity machine works . You're gonna get cash money for this . You might not get the money , like , right now , but you gon ' have money like Barry White , man ! You can do all kind of crazy shit you wanna do when you get this publicity , man . [ Robot Voice :] Top Secret Ultra End Of Message Um Huh [ Otto Von Lenz :] Now , who will be the first to tell me of a past adventure ? [ MF Doom :] I ain't sayin ' nothing [ Reed :] Why don't you tell him about the time we faced Doom ? [ Sue :] Alright . Well as I remember , Doom had threatened the world leaders with destruction of every major city on earth . Headquarters [ Dr . Doom :] Good evening [ Sue :] Would you believe it ? It's Doom on the phone ! [ Reed :] What's on your evil mind ? [ Dr . Doom :] Hold your insulting tongue and mark my words well . I have plotted my revenge on you . Now I shall have it ! Bid farewell to your friends ! [ Reed :] Doom hates us all , but in his warped mind , he has a personal score to settle with me [ Robot Voice :] Operation Doomsday[ Pebbles the Invisible Girl :] When I was led to you I knew you were the one for me I swear the whole world could feel you MC [ MF Doom :] I used to cop a lot but never copped no drop Hold mics like pony tails tied in bobbalobs Stop and stick around , come through and dig the sound Of the fly brown 6-0 sicko psycho who throws his dick around Bound to go three-plat , came to destroy rap It's a intricate plot of a b-boy strapped Femstat cats get kidnapped Then release a statement to the press , let the rest know who did that Metal Fist terrorists claim responsibility Broken household name usually said in hostility Um ... what is MF ? You silly I'd like to take " Means to the End " for two milli ' " Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ! " That's a audio daily double Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble , yo Watch your own back came in and go out alone , black Stay in the zone - turn H2O to Cognac On Doomsday ! , ever since the womb ' til I'm back where my brother went , that's what my tomb will say Right above my government , Dumile Either unmarked or engraved , hey , who's to say ? I wrote this one in B . C . D . C . O-section If you don't believe me , go get bagged and check then Cell number 17 , up under the top bunk I say this not to be mean , wish bad luck or pop junk Pop the trunk on Cee Cipher Punk , leave him left scraped God forbid , if there ain't no escape , blame MF tape Definition " super-villain " : a killer who love children One who is well-skilled in destruction , as well as building While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer I'm trading science fiction with my man the live lifer A pied piper holler a rhyme , a dollar and a dime Do his thing , ring around the white collar crime Get out my face , askin ' ' bout my case , need toothpaste Fresher mint , monkey-style nigga get dentadent And dope fiends still in they teens , shook niggas turn witness Real mens mind their own business That's the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that's double-dutch How come I hold the microphone double-clutch C . O . ' s make rounds , never have ' ox found On shakedown , lock-down , wet dreams of Fox ' Brown On Doomsday ! Ever since the womb ' til I'm back where my brother went That's what my tomb will say Right above my government , Dumile Either unmarked or engraved , hey , who's to say ? Doomsday Ever since the womb ' til I'm back to the essence Read it off the tomb Either engraved or unmarked grave , who's to say ? Pass the mic like " Pass the peas like they used to say " Some M-er F-ers don't like how Sally walk I'll tell y'all fools it's hella cool how ladies from Cali talk Never let her interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang Nicknames of nimble and tip of nipple metal fang Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang Known amongst foes for flow without no talking orangutans Only gin and Tang Guzzled out a rusty tin can , me and this mic is like yin and yang Clang ! Crime don't pay , listen , youth It's like me holding up the line at the kissing booth I took her back to the truck , she was uncouth Spittin ' all out the sunroof , through her missing tooth But then she has a sexy voice , sound like Jazzy Joyce So I turned it up faster than a speeding knife Strong enough to please a wife Able to drop today's math in the 48 keys of life Cut the crap far as rap Touch the mic , get the same thing a Arab will do to you for stealing What the Devil ? He's on another level It's a word ! No , a name ! MF - the Super-Villain ! [ Pebbles the Invisible Girl :] When I was led to you I knew you were the one for me I swear the whole world could feel you MC[ MF Doom :] Yo , yo , yo , y'all can't stand right here In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare Loud enough to burst his right eardrum close-range The game is not only dangerous , but it's most strange I sell rhymes like dimes The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times Joking rhymes , like the " Is you just happy to see me ? " trick Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick A lot of ' em sound like they in a talent show So I give ' em something to remember like the Alamo Tally-ho ! A high Joker like a Spades game Came back from five years laying and stayed the same I'm saying - electromagnetic field it blocks all logic , Spock And G-Shocks her biological clock When I hit it , slit it to the shitter , thought I killed her goose Her Power U was pure Brita water , filtered juice Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny The only thing that come between us is krill and money I sell rhymes like dimes The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broke times Better rhymes make for better songs , it matters not If you got a lot of what it takes just to get along Surrender now or suffer serious setbacks Got get-back , connects wet-back , get stacks Even if you gots to get jet-black , head to toe To get the dough , battle for bottles of Mo ' or ' dro This fly flow take practice like Tae Bo with Billy Blanks " Oh , you're too kind ! " " Really ? Thanks ! " To the gone and lost forever like " Oh My Darling Clementine " He hold his heart when he telling rhyme When it's his time , I hope his soul go to Heaven He nasty like the old time Old No . 7 You still taste it when you chase it with the Coca-Cola Make ' em wish they could erase it out the Motorola I told her - no credit for a bag If you want what they got , then go get it , it's all gak Only in America could you find a way to earn a healthy buck And still keep your attitude on self-destruct The one who mostly keep cash but tell em bout the broke times [ DJ Cucumber Slice :] Check it out , y'all ! Ya don't stop ! Keep on , to the sure shot ! Huh-ha ! Uh , uh , uh , uh , oh ! Yeah , you're listening to the buttery slickness The Land-O-Lakes from my man MF Doom ! Ha ha ha ha ! Yeah ! Rock-shocking the house , with another nugget Uh-uh-ah , eh , oh , ah , hoo-wee ! Yeah ! Regulation status , right here Fondle ' Em Recordings , 1999 Yeah ! Now what are you ' posed to say on the end of records ? I don't know ! Yeah ! Woo ! Yeah ! Mashed potatoes ! Apple sauce ! Buttery ... biscuits ! And I get lost A yes , yes , yes , yes y'all You don't stop Keep on , a ' to the break-a-dawn Say what ? Uh ! Yeah ! You thought it all was over ! You thought the song was over ! Ah ! We tricked you ! We tricked you ! Ha ha ha ha ... Woo ! You listening to www dot hairline dot com MF Doom , Kool Bob Love ...[ MF Doom :] As the life cycle goes on ... goes on And you learn to hold on ( hold on ) To things like the mic ... the mic And you learn to appreciate who is the nicest on said device But who is ( The finest ) [ Tommy Gunn :] Time at shashuma , too much drama , blind behind the rumor Time and time and time , my mind , I'm trying to find a tumor Time at shashuma , no time for humor As soon as one of ya ' men's dead in Hempstead , you trying to find Pumas Sooner the better , even knitted a sweater already Keep your leather , we coming through the brutal weather We ready to do whatever , yo ' Doom you with it ? ( You know it like a poet , my brother ) ( Hey , Gunn you wit it ? ) Whatever ... ( the finest ! ) [ MF Doom :] I know about going paid to broke , to next day well-off To bust a shell off , to dick-riders : " Get the hell off " Made a call to a client , he must've had his cell off A show-off , he has the same bite but fell off I tell off the bat , from science to pure facts Which niggas is wack ' til they last two tracks Matter fact , y'all could wait for the rep to tell The tall-tale , how he escape from out the depths of hell [ Tommy Gunn :] When die , he gon ' die like a soldier die : Holding a swollen eye , drinking Olde Gold Smoking a stog , watching po-po patrol the beach Blowing my high , rolling by , when Gunn die He gon ' try to preach the streets then go to the sky [ MF Doom :] Yup ! That hold water , like drizzle in a paper cup This one etched in stone , the chisel with the paper up I need a cut : a taper-up , edge-up Niggas can't measure up , I'm here to get the treasure up [ Megalon :] Stands up and hold ' em high , do or die He got heat , no surprise , stop the beat , close your eyes Got the weed , rolling lah Not sweet , so no demise , all the guys drops seeds so multiply Within the prophecies hold the lie [ MF Doom :] He bled my mother and my father , but can't bleed me OD , ghetto misery , he bled my brother , my sister , but can't bleed me A OG , ghetto misery , bled my mother , my father , but can't bleed ... Me ... sci-fly , whole style stuck up Used to talk to myself , I told him , " Shut the fuck up ! " Buckle up , cause it's about to be rough He said , " Keep talking that shit , you ' bout to be snuffed " Then we squashed it , I let em know : " Watch it - We only met a time to join these rhymers in the mosh pit " Gosh , it feels great just to increase the chance For a pussy nigga face to hit the dance floor [ Megalon :] I pull ya ' top up , got clout , crack rock , what ? Now it's all good business , and so this bitch is locked up On the dance floor : you got knocked out , your bitch got knocked up Baby-face , and hey can you brand you , brand new machete Damn , I just shook your hand and can't stand you already Can't stand you , understand you deadly But my hammer's like a band , my man , it's Brand New and Heavy Yo ' Doom , you ready ? ( Yeah ! Yo ' Gunn , you with it ? ) Whatever .. [ MF Doom :] Come on stay , I wrote this rhyme on my born-day Remind me of the same style I flipped on " Hey ! " Yikes ! Who can fuck with the likes Of one such who scores touchdown and spikes mic's Metal grill , with many styles , better still Feel like number 26 on a roulette wheel And deal , and run rings around rhymers And run rings like number runners whose old-timers [ Megalon :] Shorty in the all black , she think she all that I called her , she said , " Don't call back ! " She called me , now what you call that ? Let's go back , I sold crack Hold gats , smoke that , drink that , toke that Fuck ! Where that ho at ? Where that dough at ? [ MF Doom :] Suffering succotash ! This hooker broke into his last buck of cash He love her , motherfuck her ass Metal feet dented your car fender My agenda up in the basement party tipping the bartender Is unbeknownst to you - who could get body blown ? MF like Mike Fran Corleone And got it sown , maricon , like to know what you staring at ? An invisible cat , who pull off a disappearing act Raised by a pack a wild womens like Sweetback Front ? I'mma be back ! ( Like brothers in the street act ) ( Surrounded by a bunch a bad bitches like Sweetback ) ( Fuck with me I'll be back ) Like niggas in the streets act ( streets act ! )[ Mister Fantastic :] It was back in the days when I met a brilliant student named DOOM Hello ? Anybody home ? Wow , look at that equipment I wonder what DOOM is working on Now I'll just rearrange a few of these circuits [ Dr . Doom :] What are you doing in my room ? [ Mr . Fantastic :] You're even more stupid than I thought [ Dr . Doom :] Give me those papers [ Mr . Fantastic :] I just came by to say hello But you'd better recheck those equations You're off a few decimals And that means big trouble if you use this material [ Dr . Doom :] Get out of hereBig up all the Monsta Island massive And beware before I triple dare you like the last kid Who asked me what we don't got that you got son For one , flow that's elementary my dear Watson Secondly , ever since I was little Not so much to riddle , least rhyme to the syllable Keep tracks that make a Arab thief clap With no hands , I chopped these drums off Truly Yours , G Rap Actual fact , relax In this land of lyrical lost , black I'm not the cool sleestak The one who might stop and talk to you Poisoned a few , niggas who be biting styles I'm like pork to Oooh ... what you got to lose ? Let mud fly When I got blues I chew whole crews that's bud dry So I ask why the styes from the cess Shit be fucking with my eye as I pull it to the chest The super motherfucking villain grip the mic with an iron hand Throwing emcees to the fire from out the frying pan It ain't no use in trying , man , son stop crying Fronting like you death-defying , you need to stop lying Speak your piece only once you're spoken to first Now let me hear your verse while I'm choking you With well refined rhymes like a editor Throw them to my collection of skulls and spines like Predator Fuck around , the only niggas who could hear the same sound ( who ? ) Was Jet Jaguar and James Brown ( Yeah , yeah only them two niggas ? ) And I'm glad I took the time to write their names down to big ' em up ( True , true ) I'd like to say hi It's Sci.Fly the odd Merlin That's quick to whip up a script like Rod Serling Who eye on bad bitch who used to whip the Sterling Who see God toke but never see God hurlin ' My man Grimm had his little monkey like Space Ghost Me myself I got flavors that out-taste most With numb gums , some rhymers is lactose Back to you MF Doom , you late show host S to the U to the P E R-uh Who chronicle these times in a 3 - D horror Thriller porno co-starrer in a realer drama Who break bread with stingy kin-men , indian borrower Lone gunman who candidly flip fly flows Single-handedly with one eye closed In a fly pose , no shirt Alayé May see me stack the quarter-mill cash pay That's in a smash way how he did it Motherfucker probably couldn't peep it past a minute[ Grimm :] You know when you're gonna come in ? [ DOOM :] Nobody will never ever , ever , really , really know Because the more you know , the more you know that you don't know shit ! Niggas'll never run out of shit ! So much shit , so much scripts through here , niggas never run out of shit ... [ Grimm :] It's another roller coaster ride [ MF Grimm :] Walk the path of Jesus , witness if Hell freezes The mind teases reality , crack the pieces Nothing eases ; being chastise with blood baptize Guys revise , acknowledge past lives Statements will be made , acknowledge me My mind is Heaven's gate so enter me My mind is the gate to Hell , so try to flee Both gates look the same , which will it be ? Demons scream from thought process Enter semen , child born , stress Body want to sleep but the mind can't rest Measure pleasure through financial progress When it come to currency , love is nonexistent Foes multiply , friends become so distant Some hope you die , backstab in an instant Foes I despise , disguised as allies To sabotage , camouflage Loyalty is lies To see God , look into my eyes To see the Devil , then you look into my eyes ( As I rise from Hell's equator ... ) [ Hook :] Cause I'mma slow it up , speed it up , slow it up , speed it up Metal Fingers feed beats , Grimm Reaper eat ' em up Speed ' em up , slow ' em up , speed ' em up , slow it up Brainsick , tick , tick , tick , MF blow it up Slow it up , speed it up , slow it up , speed it up Metal Fingers feed beats , Grimm Reaper eat it up Speed it up , slow it up , speed it up , slow it up Brainsick , tick , tick , tick , MF blow it up [ MF Grimm :] Take air , compress it , bless it Mix loops like Ku Klux MF don't give two fucks Nigga , quarterback blitz , popped , quickly fumble Leave game with concussion , seeing stars and mumbles This happens to any emcee that wants to rumble Dynasties destroyed like Carringtons and Colbys Noise , reduced , MF thinks in Dolby Chop that ass in half like Obi-Wan Kenobi Greatest of all time , God straight up told me Greatest of all time , the Devil even told me Icicles on surfaces of sun , we livin ' coldly Prophets be phony And we attack , we switch like the Wu Tang symbol Still kill Jack even though quick and nimble , plain and simple Pick niggas off while they ballin ' And die old like Stalin Yes , Death , I hear you callin ' , I accept collect Human sacrifice , must pay respect We catch reck , nigga , we catch reck And ... we gonna ... gonna ... [ Hook ] Boom MF Grimm , MF DOOMI remember when , last past November when Clown kid got pounded in with the Timberlands They left him trembling , he was not remembering : Never tuck your denim in just to floss an emblem Some would debate you , " Wait , the fella ate gelatin Or he been listening in to what his weathermens was telling him " When I could feel it in my melanin , it's compelling Us to break them off , no reassembling No science-fiction to no theater near you , coming soon to Fuck with you frequently like how phases of the moon would do You could gather ' round like it was an eclipse Just don't look directly to the bitch , you may be blinded by the scripts Pass the L , the last to tussle in them shirttails All hail , King Geedorah , the third rail 700 volts holds rap to a standstill Fool ignore the rule , fuck up and get his man killed Two bottles of Dom got his hands filled And so goes the days of our lives as the hourglass sand spill And built with Passion and a glass of the ' Ze ( And the lights went down and hey ! ) And I knew it was the last day ... Wig-Twisting Season When some could get their wigs twisted back within reason Mostly with these crimes of treason And you'll be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening From how he's feeling , thrilling choice of flow is sick He's the villain with the million dollar voice-throw trick He's like a ventriloquist , with his fist in the speaker's back Couldn't think of no uniquer track , nope , sneak attack It don't really matter how big them is . So much as a nipple Cause you could have a chick with D-Triple ' Cept the nipple little . Just hot off the griddle Like how he do monkey rhymers , like Monkey-in-the-Middle by his damn self Ain't no average MC ahead of me Getting cheddar instead of the probably better pedigree With nicknames , sick games as Rick James Messy games , sci-fly such as Jesse James Blast , I figure , ass-hawking ass titty licker Last one to walk up in , fast-talking city slicker Got bagged cause of the dirty chick with make-up Bail out quick for the 7:30 wake-up My only backup was an A-cup , as far as May To when the leaves turn red and gold to Nimrod earthday All else ? Worthless to say ( And the lights went down and hey ! ) That's when I knew it was the first day ... Wig-Twisting Season When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning Mostly with these crimes of treason men And y'all be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening It's like a mosquito , the much sweeter resent the act I been bent back since my Physical went back Since , Cultured more of my kin And for them I keep an L rolled in this hellhole Hold your head , use your head and hold , or be dead and cold In the worsest way , soon as the leaves show red and gold To ' round Nimrod release day And all else ? Needless to say Wait a motherfucking minute ! true facts presented The names was probably changed just to protect who ain't in it The XP was three-quarters tinted , 4/5 ths was converted The way his shit was twisted ? Ask him if it hurted ... Wig-Twisting Season When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning Mostly with these crimes of lying , and fronting , and cheating All types of different styles of treason[ Dr . Doom :] I'll have to go ahead with my experiment right now Lower the dome Are you ready , Costez ? [ Costez :] All set [ Dr . Doom :] My moment of triumph is at hand Contact [ Raymond ' Zoro ' :] It's messed up [ Rose :] It doesn't look bad [ Raymond ' Zoro ' :] You're crazy , it looks bad [ Rose :] Okay , then at least tell me what this thing that you're doing [ Raymond ' Zoro ' :] This figure in the middle , it's not even coming out right I've already got like the hands like on the side , like the hands of doom , and they're like representing the city , and the environment around this artist And he's like , like , he's like by himself in his own world and what not He don't care about nobody around him , and that's what the hands are , everybody around him [ Rose :] Yeah , who is this character ? That's you [ Raymond ' Zoro ' :] Who told , what gave , what gave you that idea ? [ Rose :] C'mon man , I've been knowing , I've knowing for a long time that was you Nah nah[ Megalon :] Who you think I am , but who you want me to be ? [ King Ceasar :] ... When I rock , jock niggas in shellshock Don't watch the birdie watch the clock go tick tock I rip shop , I make ya girls bottom lip drop Yo word to the truckers at the pit stop I'm hip hop I hold heat , never forget what niggas told me they showed me Other emcees trying to fold me they owe me Yo plus them niggas mad slow gee I got my " Get U Now " so I'm comin with my homie Here's the plan : stick ' em up , I enter , through the window Stoop down so we can't see our crescendo Pass the indo , yo we used to be our friend though Yeah but thats the reason I dont really like to lend dough [ Rodan :] From the corners cylindrical triangle hats Says dunce . Lyrics precise like forensical science leave you entangled for months Tryin to figure who done it , you fronted Got cha shit stunted , didn't have to be that way Some saw the light comin in , they shunned it For the wickedness to those whose despise life and worship death The established matched at eye for eye , tooth for tooth , breath to breath These are the last days of the countdown , shit is just that drastic Write journals , like they use the prophets , study math like a Aztec [ Megalon :] Loved not for who you think I am , but who you want me to be A true thuggin emcee , true thugs , with no strings attached I wanna give you my slugs and don't wanna take em Box sprays , but with my box cutter in my boxes Shots sprayed , who on cops high says we rastas Rock away boulevard , got love and knoxus [ ? ] Bout five cops today , my rock away Niggas and rock rage , got paid A rock , you know why I rock , meet me at the lobses [ ? ] I suggest I should dress proper Copped a buzz , I copped a dutch I got a lotta love , with no strings attached [ Kamackeris :] Rhymes , rhymes , rhymes , we got plenty Dimes , dimes , dimes , too many Sparked up and chat , you keep countin I do my thing , jealous niggas keep doubtin Rock ' n ' roll , lock ' n ' load Emcees out for pots of gold , we stop ' em cold In they tracks an take all they chips-eses All they dats , all they bullshit mixeses Give ' em a credit , not debt it We just flipped the calistetic Toss the Andy Pettitte , you said it We grandslam in the never boss stand Any pussy emcee's we abandon [ King Geedorah :] Flew in from Monster Island just to rag shit wit jet lag With brothers specializin ways how us not to get bagged Egads ! I bring confusion like roll call To emcees so-called , hoes be like " yup I told y'all " So socialize my bio so I dip dip dive Memorize like I-omega zip drive Go to the bar to drink to get soberer King Ghidra eat the head of a king cobra like ginkoba [ Kong :] Kong get a cut like Kobe , now hold heat So sweet , roll deep but no beef Those that doze deep , close sheets Po chose to speak with , reach over to reload the piece Slip from freak to deak , keep concrete Parallel to body til the next male Shotties and hotty , still waitin to exhale Smell the blood bath a slugs caught Slugs passed and bloodsport Bugged laugh , a bugged thought Caught some eyes make the case last stack a locker Bocker , drink a vodka , hit note , like Sinatra at a opera Drop a flocker , Orville Redenbacher Get you , got you , shot the two L's without the proper For the albums knocker Hit the liquor , quicker than a quicker picker upper Girl and stick er , I leave more nuts than a snicker Kick er to the curb , punk a bitch , stomp a chick For now call me Kong , Monster Isle , Monster Click ( Bow ! ) [ Megalon :] Loved not for who you think I am , but who you want me to be True thuggin emcee , true thugs , with no strings attached I wanna give you my slugs , and don't wanna take ' em back[ Principal :] Doom , are you awake ? [ Dr . Doom :] Yes , but what do you want ? [ Principal :] You fool , it's a miracle that you didn't kill Costez as well as yourself . So , before you cause greater harm — [ Dr . Doom :] Get out of here ! This is just a minor disappointment . I shall overcome it [ Reed :] The failure of DOOM's experiment did not end his tragedy For a few days later , his bandages were removed [ Nurse :] There . Aah ! How horrible , that face [ Dr . Doom :] What have I done to myself ? My face is ... hideous ! He made me hurry my experiment ! Now I must hide my face from all mankind . But he will pay . Oh , how he will pay ! [ Reed :] So after his face was ruined , he just seemed to disappear [ Commissioner Robbins :] Why did DOOM threaten just to — [ Reed :] Well , like I said he just disappeared . I'll never forgot that dayGood evening , ladies and gentlemen ( Hey ! ) I'd like to thank you all for joining us this evening Let me know if y'all with me y'all ( Hey ! ) Just a couple of things I'd like to say .. I only play the games that I win at And stay the same with more rhymes than there's ways to skin cats As a matter of fact , let me rephrase : With more rhymes and more ways to fillet felines these days Watch the path of the black one : Supervillian . He wrecks clubs for delf In a drunken stupor chillin Ready and willin to inadvertantly foil that Plan of any rhymer , whiner or spoiled brat Who got more snottier flows than snotty nose ? And holds mics like he knows karate body blows ? Nobody knows The trouble I see From the MPV fly dirty tailin the eye bubble eye thirty For the record this is some shit I just thought of y'all Science fiction that's not admissable in no court of law I live to rock mics 3 - D The only reason I seek to stop : to snuff the TV I heard beats , they sound like karaoke With monkey rhymers on a leash like don't have this fairy choke me Hit ' em with a penny so we can get these peanuts And I thought we was nuts , I used to get free cuts They locks Lex Luthor up in green haven Since when a nigga never really been to clean shaven Misbehavin rap stars need Listamint Call me Mista Bent I'm at where your sister went Intelligent , used to write and be well spoke Now all a nigga wanna do is fight and sell ( HEY ! ) , tell a joke This could lead to catastrophe Bout to stop the violence Right after these last three shots from the black bat got me at headlock Holdin on to sanity , by strands of that dreadlock She told me get off I said : " Bitch ! ! Let me set this shit off so I could get rich right quick " Then it hit me like the point of intoxication Nigga come out and rock this nation like ox defacin ' A lot of niggas out is rusty like oxidation In the world's most strangest most dangerous occupation But you could do it , you the Super like in your building Villian like trife Kinder is in All My Children Plottin And it sure to pay ends With some real mature womens , and more of they friends And when bad men roll tight , it's actual true Like a pack of Big Bambú , with natural glue Who grip necks of Becks next to triple X ? He just came in 4D : Follow the ripple effects ! And it'll lead you right to him Oh snap ! It seems you walked into a trap , through rap Zoinks ! This place is filled with pretender willies One false move , and get broke off ! like end of Phillies True believers Ain't nothin new to a Crook with special powers like how to tell the future uh-uh - Rhyme of the month two page long Bustin off two gages with my cape on wrong Son it's on remind me of a Raekwon tape song With a fleet of super bad ... Status : Rae Dawn Chong Let me know if y'alls with me y'all ! National and geographic down to the titty-bar Rep Monster Island City yall ! To all my brothers who is doin ' unsettling bids You could have got away with it if it was not for them Meddling kids ! ( OVERR HEERRE ! )M-O-N-E-Y Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N Never understand what people's heads are in Ask me what I need [ King Ghidra :] A fly tramp , that's what she called me Cause I don't wear no Stetson hats like Paul C As y'all see , who give a fuck ? Who know what is it ? These styles will be flipped to the absolute exquisite It's like a blizzard , soon as I got home from ATL Looked into my baby's face , my boo was like ... " Well ! I know your types of clientele ! Thoughts , needs " As I held her firmly , yet gentle as the soft sea She said , " The one with the horse weave ? The pretty one ? All crazy , had to touch the tattoo through the short sleeve Which one you want ? " I'm like , " If there was comp ? Fuck around , a nigga like me probably run up in all three ! " King Geedorah what they call me , either caesar or baldy Probably have moved since last y'all saw me On the D-low , I slaughter solo emcees , they paper-thin In they Polo , Nautica , or DK men Amen ! It's funny how significance make a difference Notice parables of three in every other inference For instance : " Who wanna battle ? On the real ? Choose your weapon : microphone , beats , or the wheels-of-steel " I own a crown in all three for getting down without a doubt I'd like to give a extra special out to Jet Jaguar , the sun , moon and star The Monster Island Czars - y'all know who you are Get that ! M-O-N-E-Y Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N [ Megalon :] Coming straight from the black lungs I rip tracks for all players that pack guns Stack ones in packs , done and doing back-to-back runs To my peeps that close , so's ya ' knows what's up Y'all know the dough's quick , hoes that mess with 5 - O shrimp like , " What ? " Like they wanna shmoosh us , just to packing the pushers I'm packing gat then bust a cap at po-po If they catch us and try to push us Since when a MINY nigga don't be taking no shit ? I be that drug dealing nigga that be fucking ya ' bitch ! [ King Ghidra :] What a fella ! Like Salt , Pepa , Spinderella I came to spark the deaf , dumb and blind like Helen Keller If I'm not with George of the Jungle , if he not with Stella Or either Priscilla , I'm doing dips on Godzilla Though y'all know he don't play , right ? TNT throws a nigga out a moving van in broad daylight And he was shackled by hands and feet Then they say he tried to escape , once his face scraped the concrete Near the curb on Monster Island , 103 Street Where brothers run the risk of getting swallowed once the Beast eat I'd rather lay in the cut , collect cash pay Only TNT I see is Gilligan's castaway With Mary Jane and Ginger Oh , from which you spent the night by accident , I creep like a ninja When the mack is bent , who can give one fuck ? Get bucked , get broke up like three-piece nun-chucks Y'all sun struck , sick to they head-piece Three-headed beast brings the drama to a dead cease ( Get that money , god ) Sick to they head-piece ( Get that money , god ) ( Get that money , god ) ( Get that money , god ) Greenbacks ... the meanest green stacks M-O-N-E-Y Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N Never Ask me what I need , I need your M-O-N-E-Y[ Pebbles the Invisible Girl :] Feel the magnetism between us ( The mic ) Growing stronger and stronger ( The mic ) Why don't we do it ? ( The mic ) [ MF Doom :] I was in a case out of state She was thirteen and good we had a hotter date It was just a number she never told she was knocked up By the end of the summer chick almost had me locked up My aunt came and got me and steadied the block We bounce to the yeti and I'm ready to rock With no attachments feelin a little loose Blowin up in every spot we had a little juice Probably the Dom or the Afghani bud in me We played the stage standin by the speaker and suddenly Who tapped me I'm bout to get real ill Already ripped the whole club with metal face's steel wheel ( The mic ) What a sweet surprise her with the fly eyes And fine she pulled me to the sidelines The mystery shot up with strong words She was an intelligent wisdom and a song bird I met her last week at the same place She stepped to me the same way at a no shame pace I'm off guard her game had me choked up Checkin me play testin me ( The mic ) till I spoked up Seven whole days and nights and not a word from you ( Not a word ) I was worried I thought I woulda heard from Stranger you know I never get enough of you How you be comin through ( The mic ) Myself and two a alikes had ran through this crew of three In my earlier days they showed me things new to me So we knew mad brothers who they had hit off They even used to watch each other just to rock they shit off When slovenly two smile and I'm scopin her Switchin off three times a night made them more opener So you could love Allah or leave him the hell alone Message from my god father solid gold telephone Many of my men went up in smoke While trickin with these chickens I ended up broke You find out who's ya mans when you broke Like a bad joke it's funny when you on you got mad folk I played the middle man in every little scam Some as complex as a hip hop album riddle jam I find it's quite intriguing as I think about rappers Walk upon me speaking with stinkin mouth ( About what ? ) About this and that from sneakers to hats to gats Freak chicks with the cooty cat raps And it's that [ ? ] I'm at a black tie affair with a diva with the fatty fat I play the back steady on the humble But be right up front when we get ready to rumble I gave her breath control ask her who she learned off Coulda took her back to the crib somehow was turned off Me and you was overdue From gettin together baby I always knew our love was meant to beee ( The Mic ) [ Pebbles the Invisible Girl :] Feel the magnetism ( The Mic ) between uuus ( The Mic ) Growing stronger and stronger ( The Mic ) Whyyy don't we do it ( The mic ) ( ... The mic ) ( The-the ) ( The mic ) ( The mic ) ( The mic )[ Sue :] There's still DOOM , what of him ? [ Dr . Doom :] What of DOOM , my dear lady ? As I stood outside your door , I heard quite a bit of your story . If you wish , I'll add mine . To clear up the mystery of DOOM's transitionGoddamn it Super motherfucking villain goddamn it About to get these millions , stacks and shit Yo , his dip tried to tell him Ooh , you're like the sun Chasing all of the rain away When you come around , you bring brighter days She told him You're the perfect one For me and you forever will be He told her I will rock this microphone ... always ! I hold the mic , like niggas hold their girls tight But I ain't after her , probably your Acura pearl white The hooker ? Nah , as many times as I done hit it To be specific more times than dimes in a briz-nick When you broke North , I crashed the barbecue like Riddick At the Garden , true , that's the God in me , pardon you Jeepers ! I was tore back , the ho gained access to my beeper Called back my secretary gatekeeper Like I ain't peep her , I said , " Darling you was stupid though You know the Super Villain , ( He is a super ) ho " I had this style ever since I was a child I got this other style I ain't flip in a while , it goes Pure scientific intelligence , with one point of relevance Emcees whose styles need Velamints And once the smoke clear , tell ' em it's The Super motherfucking Villain , nigga came through raw like the elements On 99 plus one of them And with a flow to pull a fraud nigga file from out in front of him When we with y'all , we had tons of fun Me and my duns and them Actual true and living sons of them Dead planets and God-U's Throwing divine rules to come through , we will over charge you's Fool , and won't feel remorse for shit Except for one time , once I had took my fronts out and lost them shits Scientific going berserk like Red Alert I really went to pick up wiznork for cheddar dirt To fund these experiments is where I went Obviously dead bent , and spent every red cent To rule you , and still drop more jewels than schools do Or even TV news that's designed to fool you ( who ? ) Yeah you , who hear the most grimy suggestions From brothers with fly names and I . D . questions That's a Secret like Victoria teddy sets that's edible Them's not ready yet for the incredible Team of MC's who broke all fakes Who thought they were slaughter proof Stomping through like North Face waterproof Tat-tat , that's the end of that After hit the bar where baby girl bartender at I told her more wine , mingling with no single mentions of Stay tuned for more spine tingling adventures of ...By the way , I re-up on bad dreams , bag up screams in fiftys Be up on mad schemes that heat shop like jiffy-pop ( pop ) In a instant get smoked like Winston Cigarettes Ho's get ripped off like Nicorette patch In real life the real trife scene Might snatch ya life like assault machine Rifle , dead up setup like bull-fight Be blunted how we like couldn't white or in full flight The unemotional call me anti-social On the run off the gun death tally commercial Death valley is like rehearsal to the streets To my peeps G . M MF on the beat Rhymes is chosen like the weapons of war So keep from steppin on my floor or delivery front door I bring it to ya'll motherfuckers master yours My disaster cause : Hell .. in gas drawls The supervillain cooler than a million , I be chillins Still quick to slice squares like Sicilians Dont make me have to hurt them feelings I'll ruin you in the dirt that I be doin in my dealings ( WHILE I ’ M ) Sendin spirits through the ceilin ' , chrome peelin ' Dome blown within the comforts of your own home Grown big wheelin ' and high rollin ' I hold the lye , it keeps the sty on my eye swollen ' Holdin , foldin the pal Known as massive-versatile I ’ d like to big-em-up monster isle I saw you in Hell with them gas drawls To my brother Subroc and Black Ju I crack brew for , two more , three men , two up I hit the brew up like nobody knows how X the unseen feels When giving crews a brush with death like between meals Two times a day with brothers that's tight like a noose With more rhymes in use than Dr . Seuss or motherfuckin ' mother goose X the suspicious flirter Who every hooker hearda ' , next to malicious murda ' A track type vicious fulfillin the pipe wishes The misses may be legal minus the baby eagle Any given summer's eve don't breathe Sixteen shots I do believe and one up the sleeve Master of the O who predict ya last pause I told y'all , Hell and gas drawls Breakin glass and plastic jaw like federal drastic law Fed up from fightin ' secret war wit ' them Fantastic Four ( invisible bitch ) Versus Doom wit ' the metal face before I go to state The ho better settle case The flow is at pedal pace steady like tricycles Beware all suckas is froze like icicles ( bag ' em up ) And baggin ' bitches like nickels Cause I licked ' em where they tickle before I hit the clit though I'ma split till I pronounce More hits than a ounce no doubt About ta bounce , X the unannounced , I'm out And I like to give a shoutout to the brother Jet Jaguar Megalon and King Geedorah I call this joint right here Gas Drawls In Hell with yours" And that ended Doom's plans for world destruction ! " " And how did you manage to stop him ? " " Simple , I [ ? ] rearranged the circuits " " Once he threw the switch " " My ability to attack is faster than the cobra ... " " Very helpful . " " And I will be careful , not to make the same mistakes as Doom ! " [ E . Mason :] What's the hero , who's the villain ? Dead or livin , killed or killin , who the fuck should remain chillin ? ( Doom ) Webster says , wicked and evil , but yo who's Webster ? Nihilation and outcast , equals freedom that's so fast Culture in chains , that be the rolls villain plays All these are just metaphors , they describe symbols in folklore But who knows why it's like this ? Hero ? Hit or old miss ? Maybe it's all good Really of God , but who should , determine the real Evil , what's the deal Fools rush in , they don't know the yin , from the yang And are ashamed to deviate , or act sane From the norm , they are slaves , forced to conform To really find your essence , take this as a lesson Break away from the rest of them Get from the form ending , like the villain in the song Find truth , who determines wrong From right , without a fistfight Different from day than from night { Operation ... Doomsday } It's just a simple play on words Delete all these punks ass herbs Who's the hero , what's the villain ? The question still remains chillin Listen to the music , try very hard to use it Open up and research , and that's the end of this verse But y'all niggas keep y'all minds open out there " So like fuck you , fuck the newspaper , fuck all that shit man ! " " I'm leavin " { " Good evening " } " Yo why you want to be leaving man ? " " Man don't worry about that sucker , yo man listen " " Yo I'm not gonna finish my piece man , not with this lady around man " " Yo what the fuck is this shit man ? " " I don't like that shit man , I don't want no fuckin pictures taken of my shit man " " Yo relax ! " " Nah man , that shit is fucked up man , that shit can get us busted over here man ! " " Relax man it's for the paper " " NAH NAH I'm not gonna relax , I'm gettin the fuck out of here " " Look , we got a car ! She's got a car parked right over there man ! " " Let's get the fuck out of here ! " " Well come on let's go then ! " " Doom , .. to conceal his own mangled form , right ? " " Yeah " " So like fuck you " " Do yourself a favor .. do yourself .. trust me "