As luck would have it , one of America's two most powerful villains of the next decade is turned loose to strike terror into the hearts of men Who shock women into uncontrolled hysteria ... " Don't touch that ! " The villains themselves were ultimately responsible for much of the popularity Audiences loved to hate The importance of the villain was not overlooked , of course one of the worst of all was Madvillain They had no code of ethics " What's the matter ... I was only tryin ' to have fun - " " Get to work on these boys , anybody bring a gun for me ? " " Yeah here's one . " Not one but two - typical villain releases included ... " I know they wanna kiss me , but don't let anyone see me like that - please doctor help me ! " ... and a sequel ... " Master of all - " Both the villains were to meet in - " Your mother was the lightning ! " Two historical figures , outlaws and desperadoes if that , the villainous pair of really nice boys who just happened to be on the wrong side of the law Three hundred and sixty degrees . Similar sequences could not be defeated . Villains who possess supernatural abilities - villains who were the personification of carnage Madvillain , more accurately , the dark side of our beings Perhaps it is due to this seminal connection that audiences can relate their experience in life with the villains and their dastardly doingsLiving off borrowed time , the clock tick faster That'd be the hour they knock the slick blaster Dick Dastardly and Muttley with sick laughter A gun fight and they come to cut the mixmaster I-C-E cold , nice to be old Y2G stee twice to threefold He sold scrolls , lo and behold Know who's the illest ever like the greatest story told Keep your glory , gold and glitter For half , half of his niggas'll take him out the picture The other half is rich and it don't mean shit-ta Villain : a mixture between both with a twist of liquor Chase it with more beer , taste it like truth or dare When he have the mic , it's like the place get like : " Aw yeah ! " It's like they know what's ' bout to happen Just keep ya eye out , like " Aye , aye captain " Is he still a fly guy clapping if nobody ain't hear it And can they testify from inner spirit In living , the true gods Giving y'all nothing but the lick like two broads Got more lyrics than the church got " Ooh Lords " And he hold the mic and your attention like two swords Or even one with two blades on it Hey you , don't touch the mic like it's AIDS on it It's like the end to the means Fucked type of message that sends to the fiends That's why he brings his own needles And get more cheese than Doritos , Cheetos or Fritos Slip like Freudian Your first and last step to playing yourself like accordion When he had the mic you don't go next Leaving pussy cats like why hoes need Kotex Exercise index , won't need Bowflex And won't take the one with no skinny legs like Joe TexTripping off the beat kinda , dripping off the meat grinder Heat niner , pimping , stripping , soft sweet minor China was a neat signer , trouble with the script Digits double dipped , bubble lipped , subtle lisp midget Borderline schizo , sort of fine tits though Pour the wine , whore to grind , quarter to nine , let's go Ever since ten eleven , glad she made a brethren Then it's last down , seven alligator seven , at the gates of heaven Knocking , no answer , slow dancer , hopeless romancer , dopest flow stanzas Yes , no ? Villain , Metal face to Destro Guess so , still incredible in escrow Just say Ho ! I'll test the yayo Wild West style fest , y'all best to lay low Hey bro , Day Glo , set the bet , pay dough Before the cheddar get away , best to get Maaco The worst hated God who perpetrated odd favors Demonstrated in the perforated Rod Lavers ... In all quad flavors , Lord save us Still back in the game like Jack LaLanne Think you know the name , don't rack your brain On a fast track to half insane Either in a slow beat or that the speed of " Wrath of Kane " Laughter , pain Hackthoo'ing songs lit , in the booth , with the best host Doing bong hits , on the roof , in the west coast He's at it again Mad at the pen Glad that we win , a tad fat , in a bad hat for men Grind the cinnamon , Manhattan warmongers You can find the villain in satin , congas The van screeches The old man preaches About the gold sand beaches The cold hand reaches For the old tan Ellesse's ... JesusLadies and gentlemen , welcome to the debut grand opening Of Madvillain Bistro Bed and Breakfast Bar and Grill Cafe lounge on the Water Where we offer you the finest of the finer things Twenty four hours a day , seven days a week Three hundred and sixty five days a year Live on the beats , we have the one and only Madlib We also have King Geedorah on the mix Yesterday's New Quintet's here , Viktor Vaughn , Quasimoto And I'm your host , ' The Supervillain ' Just lay back and have a good time Enjoy the music , you know what I'm sayin ' I'd like to dedicate this next joint to my mans , you know Big Hookie and Baba from the laundromat Bear with me ' cause this ...[ MF Doom :] " - Life is too ... " Two two one-two How DOOM hold heat then preach non-violence ? Shhh , he about to start the speech , c'mon , silence On one starry night , I saw the light Heard a voice that sound like Barry White , said " Sho you right " Don't let me find out who tried to bite They better off goin ' to fly a kite in a firefight During tornado time with no coat than I caught ya Wrote the book on rhymes , a note from the author With no headshot , he said it's been a while Got a breadwinner style to get a inner child to finna smile And that's no exaggeration The doctor told a patient " It's all in your imagination negro " Ahh , what do he know ? About the buttery flow , he need to cut the ego Trippin ' , to date the Metal Fellow been rippin ' flows Since New York plates was ghetto yellow with broke blue writing This is too exciting Folks leave out the show feelin ' truly enlightened They say " The Villain been spitting enough lightning To rock shock the Boogie Down to Brighton , " alright , then [ M . E . D . :] Yeah , check , it's enough Uh , yeah , now How M . E . D . hold heat like Clint East is reborn ? Leave you with more holes than a dartboard Haters watch him , Hennessy double shot drink Like the answer to the problem's at the bottle's bottom Uhh , from the bottom , top that homey , pay how you owe me My niggas take no like Kobe Even with the the arms of the Hulk , you couldn't hold me From gettin mines , stogies be rolled , smokin and gettin by Thanks to rap I ain't got a dime Got me sneakin out of checkout lines with bottles by the waistside Yeah , smack ' em in the face , let ' em taste pride Face trial , end up washed up like the shorelines Do or die ride , how the dead return Street turns , keep me in this dirt like an earthworm What he spit hits and grows , will brothers ever learn Worth a word , chat with a nerd , meeting adjournedCome out to show them Like , open the bruise up and let some of the bruise blood come out to show them Come out to show them , come out to show them , come out to show them Come out to show them , come out to show them , come out to show them ... Listening to music while stoned is a whole new world Most cannabis consumers report it second only to sex And grass will change your musical habits , for the better " Bad weed right there To ' up man " America's most blunted ! " " Soon as he start sleepin ' , catchin ' you off guard " " Me rhythm now , huh ? " " If you'll all gather close around the phonograph " " Who those motherfuckers comin ' in here ? No ! It can't be ! " YO ! " Where Quas at ? Yo ! DOOM , you got the trees ? " America's most blunted ! " [ MF Doom :] Quas , when he really hit star mode Never will he boost loose Phillies with the bar-code Or take a whole carload on a wasted trip Or sit White Owl laced tip from tip with yip Some rather baggies others like their cracks in vials Catch a tag , roll a bag of schwag in a Black & Mild He twist Optimo , just the raw leaf part The list top go : bust before beef start At the Stop-n-Go Mart , actin like a spirit host done it - " America's most blunted ! " - Yeah , yo DOOM nominated for the best rolled L's And they wondered how he dealt with stress so well Wild guess ? You could say he stay sedated Some say buddha-ed , some say faded Someday pray that he will grow a farm barn full Recent research show it's not so darn harmful ( true ) Sometimes you might need to detox It can help you with your rhyme flow and your beat-box Off spite to your surprise Turn a Newport Light to a joint right before your eyes Tear a page out the good book , hear it how you want it " America's most blunted ! " " Comin ' kinda stupid from the station " " Amazing loops , loops , loops ... " " - the universal " " The-th-the-best , the-th-best , the-the-the , the best in your perimeter " [ Lord Quas :] Yo I can't find that nigga Metal Face nowhere ( oh alright ) " America's most blunted ! " DOOM ! The Madvillain killing mad boom Consume weed and drink brew ' til we perfume the room The beat conductor smoke twenty-four / seven Shady ... you can even ask my reverend Willie knows , how the Phillies roll , really though I spend my last dough , to pick up the sticky gold I spark the lah , but don't shh with speed or trees with seeds Quasimoto crew , we get keyed The most blunted on the map The one astro black , in the alley , with a hoodrat Hoodrat .. when you try to react Shut the - up ! Even your pops got smacked Even your moms got cracked " Meanwhile ! " - While my bowl got packed Drop X so you can have good sex ( What , no ) I smoke dank so I can grow me a shank I got the fat sack , shh - all day I hunt it Who are we ... ? " America's most blunted ! " " Comin ' kinda stupid from the station " " Amazing loops , loops , loops ... " " - the universal " " America's most blunted ! " Creativity , it's a known fact that grass increases creativity From eight , to eleven times . In fact , everyone finds that they're More creative stoned , than straight So remember : M-A-R-I-J-U ...
... A-J-U-A-N-A Mar-i ...
... juana Mari-juanaYou know , you best to watch out ' Til you , be fresh out of clout Rumors that he got a mouth on the street You know , you best to watch out Who knows , who is watchin ' in Watch your back nigga Fresh water trout Out of water Somebody tell him yo Watch your back nigga Streets is watchin ' Hope , they don't know ( they don't know nothin ) As much he thinks , they know That what , he drinks , Drano Rat but , she winks , rainbows Loser , was twice in the fed User , whose nice in the head Choose to , entice him with bread Air him , they said he was Ex-pen-dable Air him , there's no witnesses Dare him , they said he was Ex-pen-dable Air him , there's no witnesses You know , you best to watch out Who knows , who is watchin in Comin ' home son Where that shit at bitch Get paid son Dead him dunn Handle your B-I Dead ' em dunn Handle your B-I Watch your back nigga Nosey yo Hope , they don't know ( they don't know nothin ' ) As much he thinks , they know That what , he drinks , Drano Rat but , she winks , rainbows This Villain was a ruthless mass conquerer With aspirations to dominate the universeVillain get the money like curls They just tryin ' to get a nut like squirrels in his mad world Land of milk and honey with the swirls Where reckless naked girls get necklaces of pearls Compliments of the town jeweler Left back now-schooler tryin ' to sound cooler On the microphone known as the crown ruler Never lied to ma when we said we found the moolah Five-hundred somethin ' dollars layin ' right there in the street Huh , now let's try and get somethin ' to eat Then he turned four and started flowin ' to the poor That's about when he first started going raw Kept the ' dro in the drawer A rhymin ' klepto who couldn't go up in the store no more His life is like a folklore legend Why you so stiff , you need to smoke more , bredren Instead of trying to riff with the broke war veteran Spliff made him swore he saw heaven he was seven Yup , you know it , growin ' up too fast Showin ' up to class with Moet in a flask He ask the teacher if he leave will he pass His girl is home alone he tryin ' to get the If you want a sip get a paper water fountain glass How I'm ' posed to know where your mouth been last Hands so fast he can out-spin the Flash Known to smoke a whole mountain of hash to the ash Boom-bash leave the room with the stash Assume it's in a smash , DOOM get the cashThe villain took on many forms ... Let he who is without sin cast the first stone After you who's last , it's DOOM , he's the worst known That'll have your boom blown or even thirst bone Rock it to a worst clone , just don't curse the throne Own his own microphone , bring it everywhere he go So he can bring it to you live in stere-ere-o Pan it , can't understand it , ban it The underhanded ranted , planned it and left him stranded The best , any who profess will be remanded Yes sir , request permission to be candid ? Granted I don't think we can handle a style so rancid They flipped it like Madlib , did a old jazz standard Don't mind me , I wrote this rhyme lightly Off of two or three Heines , and boy was they fine , G One black , one spanish , one chinese It keeps the woody shiny year round like a pine tree Don't sign me I'm about to get a mil ' without ' em Crowd him off the shelf , he's the villain , and what about him So , and he's a jerk and you don't know him Mad how he expand work but won't show ' em Poor guys , what a sight for old , sore four-eyes Now hook me with two apple pies and a small fries All rise , so far art as a ruble So raw , break it down and make quadruple It's crucial , you could see it in his pupil And this time when he get it he'll waste it on somethin ' useful Like getting juiced off a deuce-deuce of cokey Keep it low key , known to pull a okey-dokey Silly Goose , DOOM is too jokey Damn he could really use a room or a hoe key Egads , he got enough styles to start three fads True dat , she bad , I wonder do she come with kneepads What a call , what a real butterball Either I get a strike or strike out , gutterball Rock it like gear for the fall With knives inside pockets , prepare for the brawl Yeah y'all you could say its an earful Beware , do not touch mic , be careful And just like he said , I coulda told ya MF , the holder of a boulder , Money Folder It ain't funny nigga Money Folder The muscle-bound karate expert concealed a razor edge Which could lop the head off of a marble statue once propelled With notorious world takeover schemes and the most magnificent gadgets imaginable Villains rapidly grew healthy cash flow It is explained by a more comedic villain , the bald headed DOOM This villain rose to incredible new heights of money-making , revenge and extortion Such was the magnitude of the typical villain This is no answer ! Very well then ... a duel to the death[ Lord Quas :] Today is the shadow of tomorrow Today is the present future of yesterday Yesterday is the shadow of today The darkness of the past is yesterday And the light of the past is yesterday The days of yesterday are all numbered in sum In the world once Because once upon a time there was a yesterday Yesterday belongs to the dead Because the dead belongs to the past The past is yesterday Today is the preview of tomorrow but for me Only for my better and happier point of view My point of view is the thought of a better or try Reality is today of eternity The eternity of yesterday is dead Yesterday is as one The eternity of one is the eternity of the past The past is once upon a time Once upon a time is past The past is yesterday today The past is yesterday today While we're searchin ' for tomorrow The music is different here , the vibrations are different Not like planet earth Planet earth sound of guns , anger , and frustration There was no one to talk to on planet earth who would understand And set up , a colony here ... [ Madlib :] The light of the past is the light which was The wisdom of the past is the light of the past The light of the future is the light which is to be The wisdom of the future is the light of the future see Yesterday belongs to the dead Tomorrow belongs to the living The past is certified as a finished product Anything which has ended is finished That which is perfect is finished The perfect man is no exception to the rule The perfect man of the past is made according to the rule of the past The rule of the past is a law of injustice and hypocrisy The revelation of the meaning of the law is revealed through the law itself The wisdom of the past is the light of the past The light which is to be the wisdom of the future The light of the future casts the shadows of tomorrow Effect their vibrations , for the better of course Sun Ra Sun Ra Lord Quas Madlib Another place in the universe , up under different stars That would be where the ultimate destiny would come in Equation wise , the first thing to do is to consider time as officially endedThe world is under attack at this very moment by the most powerful forces man has ever seen . Fate from the depths of the earth , Operation Lifesaver is in effect , as of right now Wow , it caught me off guard Went to breathe out and Then she made me cough hard Contact the god and let him know to slip 2 in Fine . How are you doing ? Can I get you a drink ? This one's a shoo-in Awkward situation that I'm on a mission to ruin Her big butt and smile was like camo Hit up the men's room , we need more ammo ( reload ) Watch your 3 o'clock , a new recruit That's her gin and Juicy Juice Use a stick of Juicy Fruit ( fire in the hole ) She just knew she was cute It's in her own best interest It's less stress Hit her with the " do you need a mint " test It don't matter if she's slim or dressed to impress I won't rest Fella's don't fess Some of ' em just need to eat the whole thing of Crest ( it's in effect ) It's been a long day ( Operation Lifesaver is in effect , as of right now ) It's just how the song say I hope she don't take this the wrong way You need a mint bitchThe rest is empty with no brain but the clever nerd The best emcee with no chain ya ever heard Take it from the Tec - 9 holder They've bit but don't know their neck shine from Shinola Everything that glitters ain't fishscale Lemme think , don't let her faint get Ishmael A shot of Jack got her back it's not an act stack Forgot about the cackalack , holla back , clack clack blocka Villainy , feel him in ya heart chakra chart toppa Start shit stoppa be a smart shoppa Shot a cop day around the way ' bout to stay But who'd a know there's two mo ' that wonder where the shooter go ' Bout to jet , get him , not a bet , dead ' em Let ' em spit the venom said ' em got a lot of shit with ' em Let the rhythm hit ' em , it's stronger in the other voice We makes the joints that make ' em spread ' em butta moist Man , please , the stage is made of panties From the age of baby hoochies on to the grannies Ban me the dough rake , daddy The flow make her fatty shake , patty cake , patty cake For fake , if he was Anita Baker's man He'd take her for her masters , hit it once an ' shake her hand On some ol ' thank ya ma'am an ' ghost her She could mind the toaster if she sign the poster A whole host of roller coaster riders Not enough tracks ( is it ? ) Hot enuff black ( for ya ) It's too hot to handle , you got blue sandals Who shot ya ? Ooh got you new spots to vandal ? Do not stand still , both show skills Close but no krills , toast for po ' nils , post no bills Coast to coast Joe Shmoe's flows ill , go chill Not supposed to overdose No-Doz pills Off pride tykes talk wide through scar meat Off sides like how Worf rides with Starfleet Told ya , on some get-rich shit As he get older he gets colder than a witch tit This is it , make no mistakes Where my nigga go ? Figaro , Figaro O's beats and my rhymes attack A scary act All black like Ms . Mary Mack Wait ' til you see ' em live on the piano DOOM sings soprano like " una duociano " My momma told me Blast him and pass her her glass of Ol ' E Not to be troublesome But I could sure use a quick shot of double rum No stick of bubble gum I like ice cream We could skip the weddin ' Have a nice dream She only let him stick the head in( Madvillain ... ) [ Wildchild :] Jump on the track with a hardcore hustle With a busload a niggas this time we bought ' cha muscle Wildchild's the one to uplift most and it's confirmed So tonight let's bang this Madvillain music ' till it's adjourned Loot rushes in head first with the full force of a ram So the source of the verse coerce the course of a jam Went to hell and back , saw devil sellin ' crack In fact had to come back with brother with the mask By yellin ' " black .. power to the people " , who support raw music Blessed from the start to keep upliftin ' progressive art To come out and uplift words Take verbalistic leaps to the next purge [ ? ] compact dope poetical excerpts Who's the expert ( Wild ) ? With the physical frame Who's mental was tamed to get over in this musical game When the Madvillain breaks your dome you'll see Your interval depth was written for those that slept We take 100 % unpredictable steps ( Say what ? ) Who's the one that rocked up a party with the vigilance urge When smokin ' the ism the division is blurred , but vengence is heard [ ? ] And just when ya got , caught up in the cynical thought Intervals in the shape of a mic get put straight through your heart like ..( They stay ... Strange ways ) Wreak havoc , beep beep it's mad traffic Sleek and lavish people speaking leaking to the maverick He see as just another felony drug arrest Any day could be the one he pick the wrong thug to test Slug through the vest ... Shot in the street For pulling heat on a father whose baby's gotta eat And when they get hungry , it ain't shit funny Paid to interfere with how a brother get his money Now , who's the real thugs , killers and gangsters ? Set the revolution , let the things bust and thank us When the smoke clear , you can see the sky again There will be the chopped off heads of Leviathan My friend , they call ' em strangers Anybody talk to him end up in some danger ( They stay ... Strange ways ) Can't reform ' em They pray four times a day , they pray five Who ways is strange when it's time to survive Some will go of they own free will to die Others take them with you when they blow sky high What's the difference ? All you get is lost children While the bosses sit up behind the desks It cost billions to blast humans in half , into calves and arms Only one side is allowed to have bombs It's like making a soldier drop his weapon Shooting him , and telling him to get to stepping Obviously , they came to portion up his fortune Sounds to me like that old robbery / extortion ( They stay ) Same game ( Strange ways ) Ya can't reform ' em .. That Mary was goin ' around with an old flame That burned me up , because I know he was just feeding her a line ! But the guy really spent his money like water I think he was connected , so I left Outside it was raining cats and dogs I was feelin ' mighty blue ... and everything looked black But I carried on !I knew you was fucking around Playing all innocent and hoeing since the foundation Don't make me have to pound his tin crown face in And risk being jammed up like traffic inbound from spacing There's been a place for you in my heart since we first met A teenage love that didn't feel no hurt yet My boys warned me you was poison like BBD first cassette And still I put all my chips on the worst bet Gave up the skirt , now I gotta hear it from the street How dare you drag my name in the dirt and cheat You could've broke it off and ended it and dip And if you spoke soft we could've still preserved the friendship Now you apologize , that's what they all say You wasn't sorry when you sucked him off in the hallway But have it your way , raw , no foreplay That's you if you want a dude who wear a mask all day And just to think I used to be proud of you And you had some real good power ... Probably kissed me later that evening , I should be hurling Matter of fact , gimme back my bracelet and my Shearling I rather waste it or give it to your girlfriend She did let me stab it last week while you was workin ' Remember our vacation out to Maryland I dooked the maid Carolyn , she made me throw the towel in Like all foul men the time I hit your moms off I told her knock it off but she had to set the rocket off Ain't enough room in this fucking town When you see tin head tell him be ducking down I'm not romping around He better be ready and prepared to be stomped in the ground[ Stacy Epps :] Give me a little bit , a little bit Just a little bit , or a lot Pieces of the dream that I pick up in my mind Is not blind , of our love Every day when I look into your brown eyes I get high , on our love [ x2 ] I , I get high , look in your , brown eyes I get high-iiiiiiii-iiiiiii-iiiiiigh Higher , higher , hi-igher , - igher - igher , - i-igher , higher , you make me higher I fly ( I fly ) I fly ( I fly ) I fly ( I fly ) up high I fly - take me there , I fly - take me there I flySo nasty that it's probably somewhat of a travesty having me Daily told the people " You can call me Your Majesty ! " Keep your battery charged You know it won't stick , yo And it's not his fault you kick slow Should've let your trick ' ho chick hold your sick glow Plus nobody couldn't do nothin ' once he let the brick go And you know I know that's a bunch of snow The beat is so butter Peep the slow cutter As he utter the calm flow ( Your mother ) Don't talk about my moms , yo Sometimes he rhyme quick , sometimes he rhyme slow Or vice versa Whip up a slice of nice verse pie Hit it on the first try Villain : the worst guy Spot hot tracks like spot a pair of fat asses Shots of the scotch from out of square shot glasses And he won't stop ' til he got the masses And show ' em what they know not through flows of hot molasses Do it like the robot to headspin to boogaloo Took a few minutes to convince the average bug-a-boo It's ugly , like look at you It's a damn shame Just remember ALL CAPS when you spell the man name And you know it like a poet , like baby doll I bet she tried to say she gave me her all , she played ball All bets off ! The Villain got the dice rigged And they say he accosted the man with the sliced wig Allegedly ; the investigation is still ongoing In this pesky nation he gots the best con flowin ' The pot doubles Now they really got troubles Madman never go ( pop ! ) Like snot bubblesIt never really mattered too much to me That I was just too damn old to emcee All that really matters is if your rhymes was ill Girl , that's all that really mattered to me , oh baby Looks like it's gonna be a great day today To get some fresh air like a stray on a straightaway Hey you , got a light ? Nah , a Bud Light Early in the morning , face crud from like a mud fight Lookie here , it's just the way the cookie tear Prepare to get hurt and mangled like Kurt Angle rookie year The rocket scientist , with the pocket wine list Some even say he might need some p-sychiatrist DOOM , are you pondering what I'm pondering ? Yes , but why would the darn thing be wandering ? She's like a foundling , barely worth fondling My posse's on Broadway like Mama I Want to Sing Mad plays the bass like the race card Villain on the case to break shards and leave her face scarred Groovy , dude ! Not to prove to be rude But this stuff is like what you might put on movie food Uh , what is jalapeños ? Get it like a whuppin ' when you holla at your seniors Dolla he can overhear the hashish vena He just came from over there , the grass is greener Last wish : I wish I had two more wishes And I wish they fixed the door to the matrix , there's mad glitches Spit so many verses sometimes my jaw twitches One thing this party could use is more ... booze Put yourself in your own shoes And stay away from all those pairs of busted Timbs you don't use He only keep ' em to decorate If you wanna peep him , select a date And bring a deep check , like " Check , mate " I kid you not , on the dotted line signed Ever since a minor , kids considered him some kind of Einstein On a diamond mine grind , she was dumb fine But not quite the type that you might want to wine and dine Couldn't find a pen , had to think of a new trick This one he wrote in cold blood with a toothpick On second thought , it's too thick His assistant said : " Doom , you sick , " he said " True " through acoustics Psycho , his flow is drowned in Lawry's seasoning With micropower he's sound and right reasoning It's easy as pi , 3.14 One more one false move and they're done forHold the cold one like he hold a old gun Like he hold the microphone and stole the show for fun Or a foe for ransom , flows is handsome O's in tandem , anthem , random , tantrum Phantom of the Grand Ole Opry ask the dumb hottie Masked pump shotty , somebody stop me Hardly come sloppy on a retarded hard copy After rockin ' parties he departed in a jalopy Watch the droptop papi Known as the grimy limey , slimy - try me , blimey Simply smashing in a fashion that's timely Madvillain dashing in a beat-rhyme crime spree We rock the house like rock ' n roll Got more soul than a sock with a hole Set the stage with a goal To have the game locked in a cage getting shocked with a pole Overthrow ' em like throwing rover a biscuit A lot of bitches think he's overly chauvinistic Let go his dick if that's the case Rats , what a waste there's more cats to chase Dogs , he got it like new powers Woke up , wrote and spit the shit in a few hours Sheesh ! Been unleashed since the glee club Had your fam saying , " Please make me a dub " Well , since you ask kindly Where he been behind the mask , who can't find me ? You're blind In the wine zone leave ya mind blown When he shine with the 9 , he's a rhinestone ... cowboy No no no no enough Goony goo goo loony cuckoo like Gary Gnu off New Zoo Revue But who knew the mask had a loose screw ? Hell , could hardly tell Had to tighten it up like the Drells and Archie Bell It speaks well of the hyper base Wasn't even tweaked and it leaked into cyberspace Couldn't wait for the snipes to place At least a track list in bold print typeface Stopped for a year Come back with thumb tacks , pop full of beer We're hip hop sharecroppers Used to wear flip flops , now rare gear coppers He's in this for the quiche You might as well not ask him for no free shit , capiche ? Oh , my aching hands From raking in grands and breaking in mic stands Villain — his smile stuns ya chick While he put himself in your shoes run ya kicks You heard it on the radio , tape it Play it in your stereo , your crew'll go apeshit Raw lyrics — he smells ' em like a hunch The same intuition that tells him " spike the punch " Curses , we's truly the worsest With enough rhymes to spread throughout the boundless universes Let the beat blast , she told him wear the mask He said you bet your sweet ass It's made of fine chrome alloy Find him on the grind , he's the rhinestone cowboy