Adult Swim presents : Danger Doom ( And what else ? ) Why did you buy this album ? I don't know why you did , you're stupid " { Fuck } yourself " [ MF Doom :] Ha ha ha ha ! The super flow with more jokes than Bazooka Joe A mix between Superfly Snuka and a superhoe Chew a MC like El Chupa Nibre Digest a group and sell the poop on eBay Danger with the vest screamin " Shoot the DJ ! " DOOM clickin over two chickens , three-way Four in the 5 , a cork on the freeway Villain find a way to make ' em pay whatever we say State your intentions " I really love your tape but I hate your inventions " Very well - what you want , a brownie ? He took off the mask and whispered " Put me where you found me " He kept his paper digits in a chunk Once joined a rap clique - Midgets Into Crunk He did a solo on the oboe Coulda sold a million then the Villain went for dolo And cited creative differences Basically they hated , he left no jaded witnesses Rappers suck , when they spit I doubt ' em The crap they sing about you wanna slap the { fuckin shit } out ' em Psht - time waits for no man On a blind date , a lover with a slow chrome hand Judged him by his shoes , hot smelly Brogan Budged him with the news , called him pot-bellied Conan No prick barbarian A strict beeratarian , a sick pair of Merry Men The beat is like a swift kick in the rear end The stiff { dick } made her lose her lipstick and hairpin He said " Djamn ! Act like you know me Even with the mask on , show me what you owe me " Tell her brush her grill and wash her face and { twat } homey Dumile got her like Inuyasha got Kagome What we have here is a failure to communicate If you gonna hate , might at least get your rumors straight About Doom the Great , a lot more confident Came a long way since the days we had to rhyme for rent It was time well spent , vented Spelt and dented , hell-bented and heaven-scented A wire is dead , he's in it for the cash flow I'd like to send a big up to Firehead Lazzo Let a brother know once you lasso Hasbro So when he come with Destro he gets no hassle Could hardly get a word in and Wonderin ' what the damage is to retain Harvey Birdman ? [ Master Shake :] Yo uhh , Danger ! It's me your old buddy Shake Ahh , I heard you're doin a little project and uhh , y'know I hear you talked to some OTHER PEOPLE And I thought you were smarter than that But obviously I am WRONG cause you know my rappin is the { shit } I don't give it out for free though ! So uhh , I'll do it Feel free to call me , at my number , which you have[ BillyWitchDoctor.com :] Please , read from sheets I am [ Aqua Teens + Carl :] I am [ BWD :] Sofa King [ ATF :] Sofa King [ MF Doom :] Scared of a bunch of water , then get out the rain Order a rapper for lunch and spit out the chain Then kick a lungee off the tip of his Timbo And trick a honey dip into a game of strip limbo Odd - he couldn't find no remorse A wink is as good as a nod to a blind horse Of course his technique was from a divine source Never knew the price of ice , or what swine cost One guy tried to bite the heat That's when he discovered the other other white meat Ohhhh ! The one they hate so well He sure keeps it psycho like the old Bates Motel They came to ask him for at least some new tracks But only got confronted by the beast with two backs Knock - Mouse is a made man Villain laid it down like the best laid plan Belle the Cat , who the hell is that near the middle Got y'all but it's not all beer and Skittles Prepare the vittles , got riddles and spittles Crystal clear to the jot , or the tittle Sssst ! It's hot off the griddle Came to take the cake whether it's a lot , or a little Kaboom ; Doom is nervous large You could tell by his blooming room service charge ... Dark and tall to boot The only thing was wrong was he was bald as a coot Used to rent a van from Peter Pan , the red and tan And keep the human foot for his dead man's hand This was when the mask was brand spanking new Before it got rusted , from dranking all the brew Stanking too , pew Kept all his earnings in the bank and his shoe Spat what he knew , energy for true To all fake rappers , twenty-three skidoo Excuse you , any room in the class front ? For a blast of the blunt , shrooming since last month Doom a human in the Mask , born to stunt Danger zooming past mad fast on the hunt Keep your streets , we got the city neatly conquered Discretely with the CD till they be completely bonkered The fans demanded it , handled it , swallow it His own brand of shit , if only he could bottle it Hmm ... Nah , shit could get messy The feds tried to torture him for the secret recipe He said it's no use , I only know half No speaka de english , I only do the math ... BZZT ! Felt no pain His brain was saturated with cocaine and Rogaine He said - try scan , no thing , three-card dead Fly man go for bling , he got bled I jam over sting , see spots red I am " Sofa King , We Todd Ed " [ ATF :] We , Todd , Ed [ BWD :] Now repeat all , very fast please [ ATF :] I am , Sofa King [ BWD :] Faster [ ATF :] I am Sofa King We Todd Ed [ BWD :] No no , not so fast , loses meaning [ ATF :] I am so fucking retarded [ BWD :] Hohohohohoho , you say , funny thing !" Is it much , too much to ask Not to hide behind the mask " [ MF Doom :] Head on straight , mask on crooked Exit stage left , with the cash gone took it Off like a khufi , the fit was a bit doofy He tried to get screwy , with that two for you One two for me G , cut the cranky attitude Wet ' em like a handkerchief on a stanky fatter dude Whether you'se a rapper or a damn singer Once you in there's only one way out , like a gang banger With a new crew key chain , and street name What set do he claim for fame , peep game Just to keep feta and stay dipped You need it like a letter , or better a getaway whip This old thing's rusted , encrusted As the gold rings the old kings busted Planning in , global starvation and fat herb Now what in tarnation did I go and do that fer ? Stuff happens , like getting snuffed for tough tit rappings See I told him enough , quit your yapping The same apply to any and all chumps The only question he had for y'all was how many lumps Three or four , either or Mon cheri amore , so why you need your heater for ? The super villain slid in your party for free Want an MC , get out of here , kid , you bother me [ Ghostface Killah :] The day I took my mask off My face was missing for two days For the record , G , came back a year later A whole new identity , Toney Starks pedigree My money green like my nickname was celery Who is Ghost ? He flashed his toast Never wore sheets , but bulletproof coats Oh no ! The feds cried for the mask back on Told them Ghost is dead , he'll return at the crack of dawn Few years from now , him and his pals Before the Jetson era will rock , he'll be back summer time 2005 With a half of face iron , the other half water , look like alien science In the summertime , you can see the face boil But the other side , I keep lubed with the Pennzoil Mad loyal , when the winter time come , I gets stuck with my brain all numb Like I ate thousand icey's and frozen Pepsi's Aquaman's pops can't water check me , disrespect me , indirectly I seen his feet and they both lefty , he steppin ' half correctly As I stroll the globe and terrorize the planet With a Bill Clinton mask and them Playskool hammers Me and DOOM , always be the best on the landing Superheroes for life until our souls vanish [ Brak :] Check me out My name is Brak and that's a fact I got a mom and a dad and they are out back We sit by the pool and we nibble on snacks Then we eat a big lunch and we all take naps ! Why'd the beat stop ? Hey ! Heyyyyy ... I got a mask too so gimme the mic ! [ Zorak :] Cheh ! You're no Doom [ Brak :] C'mon Danger Mouse , gimme that beat ! Turn the beat around ! Love to hear per-cussion ! [ Zorak :] You suck ! [ Brak :] Turn it upside down ! Love to hear it ... [ Zorak :] I know talent , and you ain't got it [ Brak :] I WASN'T DONE !Perfect hair , to the second power of forever Ask him do he need it ? Hells yeah , now or never On a mission with friends of fair weather Sooner the better , off to Mt . Tuna , Wear your leather prepared sweater And watch out for Catman my brothers He keep his strand slicked back like Scatman Crothers A balding boy , sound like Janeane Garofalo Fiend for a sloppy fro , who seen the evil Coiffio ? Not me yo , I'm leavin ' , gone Even if him got them bomb weavin ' Kanekalon No more or less stress than your old boss The tears burn your eyes less than fresh S-curls sores And Brenda , the best girl lost Uncle grandfather bare chest was pearl gloss Earl tossed , there goes a whole tray of hamburgers Villain till he old and grey like olden day scam workers Circa one nine seventy-one On the mic machine it seems his work will never be done He seeks the ninth level of power But weak geek might freak it in another hour Or so , they call the fool retarded hair guy In school you could spot it when he nodded " Here , why ? " I think his true name was Gerald The toupee , the male pattern anime herald A good laugh like the walk to the bank Not the plank , talk to the hand and the hot frank dog Danger Doom it's Master Shake , hey buddy ! Ah did you get those e-mails I sent ? Umm , I'm still waitin , to hear from you I-I think , maybe you're , maybe you're in the shower Do you , are you in the shower ? Okay But I'm still , totally , I got some other stuff Uhh , but I'm , I am committed more to doing yours So , if you can let me know , today That'd , uhh , that'll be great , okay ? ! Just , just gimme a call ! And fa-for the schnizzle For to do the rap pizzle And again I'm really sorry , about that other one The call ... Meatwad sucks Okay , call me back dog ![ Cee-Lo :] His name's , DOOM They wonder just who is he But don't worry Believe me he'll get busy When it comes to Poetry he's got plenty [ MF Doom :] Jump ' em in like jump rope , double dutch Then turn on the mic with a thumb stroke , subtle touch Cuddle clutch , is this thing on ? Like the fling with Mrs . King Kong , this spring gone ? Sing a song of slaphappy crappiness He came to blow like it was strapped to his nappy chest Surely I jest , the best on a wireless mic Not an eye test , yet I di-gress But why stress ? Try and remember when Maybe bit the tender skin-ned babysitter Gwendolyn The type to hit and run and go tell a friend Word to El Muerto cucaracha exoskeleton He know , flow like interstellar wind Tow a rap djinn by his toe into hell again ( ahem ) One two , check me too Loose wreck see through your goose-neck EQ [ Cee-Lo :] His name's , DOOM They wonder just who is he But don't worry Believe me he'll get busy When it comes to Poetry he's got plenty [ MF Doom :] Ay ! If I may interject Rap these days is like a pain up in the neck Cornier and phonier than a play fight Take two of these and don't phone me on the late night The beat won't fail me With more rhymes than times he washed his hands and feet daily And all that kerosene ain't cheap Villain been deep since a teenage creep Peep - he always was a gentleman And kept the pen and a pencil in his mental den Right there next to where the Rolodex was Before it turned up all burnt by his solar plexus He don't know his own strength When he's on the bone it's like the microphone's length And width , ain't it funky like dingy socks ? Feel the full effect off cassette in your Benzie Box [ Cee-Lo :] His name's , DOOM They wonder just who is he But don't worry Believe me he'll get busy When it comes to Poetry he's got plenty[ Talib Kweli :] One two three , in the place to be ! MF Doom , Talib Kweli , ah here we go On born days , I used to blow out the candles ; and every Saturday Watch cartoons ' til noon and then I'd switch to Ralph McDaniels I was , makin up a miracle flow , over a cereal bowl And a porous beat from my stereo Rhymes stronger than Popeye with the spinach Yeah I'm gangster like the frog on Courageous Cat and Minute Mouse Maybe I'm trippin and it's just a cartoon to you But I got chills when I heard how Doom flipped the Scooby Doo And , I might be buggin but it seem to me That cartoons be realer than reality TV They inspire my decision to be open and listen But folks got it all twisted , like a yoga position Like , in order to spit it dope , you gotta have a criminal past That's similar to the cast of Different Strokes Me and my people break bread , sit and smoke The conversation rich , but that depend on what you consider broke I draw on anything for inspiration A fond memory , a piece of paper , walls in a train station [ Hook :] It's just that I'm old school like that , roll that rap over soul loops like that It's just that I'm old school like that , roll that rap over soul loops like that ( I'm old school y'all , yes y'all , I keep it goin y'all , here we go ) It's just that I'm old school like that , roll that rap over soul loops like that ( I'm old school y'all , keep it goin y'all , keep it goin y'all ) It's just that I'm old school like that , roll that rap over soul loops like that ( Ah here we go , c'mon ) [ MF Doom :] And we'll be right back after these messages Fellas grab your nutsacks , chicks squeeze your breastesses We ain't all that grown , it's still funny like Goin to the store on your own with rainbow money Since then had an insane flow sonny Walkin to the corner rhymin in the rain , nose runny Breakdancin maybe ten , bummy Is when Subroc would run up handspring Arabian somee ! Ooh wee , like a Hong Kong Phooey kick Or a weekend afternoon , karate movie flick Slept good , no justice , no peace Woody kept it hoody , never discussed it with police Shot the fair one nobody ran to get the gat Or felt they had to put it up in they raps to set it fat And since when lyrical skills had to do with killin a cat ? What type of chitlins is that ? The Super Villain has the bad hydroponics Whoever willin to ride , provide raw chronic [ Hook ][ Meatwad :] Danger Doom in the hizzy ! Widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy we We need food [ Carl :] What are you doin there ? [ Meatwad :] I'm rappin [ Carl :] Yeah ... no , no I see that - what for ? [ Meatwad :] Money - if you got it umm I wanna get some steady bitches and hoes And some candy for my nose Some diamond stones , to roll with my chrome and .. [ Carl :] Hey , genius . You even know what that means ? [ Meatwad :] Uh-uh - what does it mean ? [ Carl :] Where's the keyboards , and the tambourine , and the guitar And you know , I mean - the stuff that like , white people like [ Meatwad :] We had a piano [ Carl :] Somethin bad-ass , like uhh , I don't know Like uhh , REO Speedwagon or somethin [ Meatwad :] Hell yeah ! [ MF Doom :] Aiyyo , I know this dude right Carl , he wore tight blue sweats but wasn't glued too tight All he had upstairs was a crude light You think that's weird ? He lived next door to a food fight Howdy Danger , much obliged for the beat God Even though you still eat lard , by the Meatwad Mesquite charred , speakin of which or who Voice all squeaky like they tuned it up a pitch or two A chunk of burned up witch's brew , get your crew See if they can't get past the stench of the stew It stank like a septic tank full of pig poo He mostly only turned into a frank or a igloo Switch your view to the brother with the fried dreads Not to be confused with the incense selling thai heads His name rhymes with Mike Hawk You could call him livewire , eye sockets , Frylock Able to shoot electricity through his eyeballs And blast all through your single sided brick and drywall More interesting than professional wrestling When he's online , you can find him on Instant Pestering What's up with your boy ? He's not a soft or hot drink Whoever don't like it could suck his straw , it's hot pink On some junk like Gucci on a classy ho Might splash you in the face with nuclear pistachio Make a fast break , or that'll be the last mistake That ass'll make is what you get for messin with Master Shake Look out , don't block the screen son , lunge across Tryin to watch Adult Swim , " Aqua Teen Hunger Force ! " Rock a cult hymn , sock your mean younger boss Psht - Adult Swim , " Aqua Teen Hunger Force ! " He often wondered , should he get the logo tatted to his woody ? He could be " # 1 in the hood , G ! " Easily [ Master Shake :] Shake callin , he heh You know I wa-ahhhhhhaaaaeehh I'd just got off the phone with somebody else and uh That wasn't about you That was about me being upset about something else I shouldn't have called you but I did , cause I just I like you so much , I'm REALLY looking forward to us working together And just , as of now that I'm calm And after I've apologized profusely - probably too much I am available , call me doggie - woof ![ Harvey Birdman :] Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , we all lived through the 70 ' s The clothes , the music , the heartwarming but rarely amusing Ziggy cartoons Now , later , who are we to look at these two , fine young men And say , " You there - I sit in judgment of you ! " [ MF Doom :] For being a drunken lush , and bad as hell Read the charge and thunk , sunk in in a plush padded cell Tempurpedic Craftmatic adjustable Go on try to stare at it , it's not that combustible I accidentally spilled some kerosene And dozed off with the L lit , doped up on thorazine Matter of fact , make mines a double Few could see the point like a line through the Hubble Doom hit the eye in the sky with a pie Shrink said he thinks he believe he could fly Spread his wings and flap like a goose He'll show you how to do it if you help him get the straps loose Diagnosed as shell shocked from totin toast And still could hear the bells rock Doc , another Lodine dose He claimed he couldn't take the racket Faked his own escape in a eightball straight jacket [ Myron Reducto :] Ladies and gentlemen of the jury This , animal , here ; this ursine fellow UNCLEAN ! He rejected society and retreated To a cave in the woods to plot his vile - NOD ! [ Harvey Birdman :] And it isn't true that at these times He often descends into a delusional state Sometimes actually adopting another person's persona ? [ MF Doom :] I started punchin once I saw son lungin He had me put on punishment for eating the last Munchkin So now they got me down here near the dungeon Nurses all arguin ' over who's to do the spongin He requested time off for bugged behavior And rhymed off of thug beats bumped by a neighbor Who spoke with his fist and kept a mirror with a thumbhole Cell twelve drumroll , ode to a gum sole A O . G . like a captain that's retired Rappers is space cadets yappin ' , be quiet And that's an order - ship your daughters to my quarters at once And don't sip the tap water dunce He is the super , a stranger who talks to you Maybe even offer tech support and walk you through Villain , man in the mask , spit in the face Show him where to go , inside a hand basket case [ Myron Reducto :] The defendant's confession ! [ Harvey Birdman :] Uhh , nothing further [ Mentok the Mindtaker :] Mentok commands you to procede , with your case ! [ MF Doom :] Just since some people , wear a mask Don't mean .. they .. did nothing automatically [ Harvey Birdman :] Now wait a second ! Your Honor I'd respectfully like to have a word with you in chambers [ MF Doom :] I request an immediate dismissal , on the grounds ... On grounds that ... [ Harvey Birdman :] Your honor I ... [ MF Doom :] Just as the mask , some people wear a mask Don't mean that they did something[ Marco :] Well , Debbie thinks this is all about her biological clock And I [ Stormy :] She stopped screaming long enough to tell you that ? [ Marco :] Huh ? No no no no , no , the other Debbie Debbie the teacher ? [ Stormy :] Oh , you mean ... Black Debbie [ Sparks :] Whoa whoa whoa whoa , why is she " Black " Debbie ? [ Stormy :] No , not in a BAAAD way It's just to tell them apart because she's ... black ! [ MF Doom :] True , Doom rolled on through with a whole crew That stole on you for holding old brew , who told you ? Even if it's crap , mind your own business They raps ain't got no gift like a lonely Christmas Real phony with beats that's hardly fresh How they manage to deal is anybody's guess Yours is as good as mine , she's sure fine From the hood where you squeeze your nine off the free cheese line All you saw was a ho do a bee's line To where she stood and sipped the Nehi Grape , the sweet kind Circle you , thicker by de-sign Be-hind swingin like bring it back , come rewind Uhh , excuse me boo She stuck out her tongue , it was purple number two FDA approved played it smoother than a doo rag What a brother gotta do to get a taste a some of you ? Bagged , and he don't mean coach Then she saw the mask , acted like she seen a roach The mirror shine reflect colors like your CD's Show love to others , we all brothers like the Bee Gees All except the broads and you Hold your applause , they break God's laws and who pays ? The taxpayer that's who Catch a rapper by his toe and smack off his tattoos That's gonna leave a bruise Leave ' em grievin blues like believin in evening news They must be eatin glue Heave it all back , and we even Steven Sue Sprinkle lyrics like seasoning beef stew And sneezin all in it after breathin in the flu Get a clue , his reasoning is askew As to all the feverin and heavin up goo Either that or ... dude Leave your girl around this man whore and she's too screwed Just in case she's in a " what you wanna do " mood Bring your plate to the Metal Face and get your food chewed ... tastes like chicken He wastes no time like the bassline kickin in Or like a lace eye with you through thick and thin Raw humor , face pie to a frickin chin New York'n , a hell of a finer town Choose your words wisely from the Boogie Down to Chinatown Or be found with a hole in your designer gown In the role of public opinion it earned a minor frown If you think you're slick , you might can whisper , uh As a few good men set sights to link with your chick You have to find a new hen fight to drink your liq ' Ten years later , see how Enzyte'll shrink your ... wallet As you wallow in a sorrow pit Cheers , is that your beer kid ? Then swallow it Or get chased by the Sandman , on some Apollo { shit } Flow so weird , his own peers couldn't follow it On the phone , he sounded like a real paid { " whoa whoa whoa " } Then we met in person , he was three shades blacker That's why he saved money over ball and chain dames We all the same , no callin names [ Stormy :] I'm as smart as him ! [ Quinn :] What ? I got Ph . D's in four scientific disciplines [ Stormy :] Really ? [ Quinn :] Why do you think they call me Dr . Quinn ? [ Stormy :] Um , I just thought that was a nickname You know , like Dr . Dre East-siiiiiiiide ![ MF Doom :] The fat is in the fire , a fryer made of chicken wire Gettin ' sick and tired of a friggin ' liar Pelican , with some very soft mangoes A closet full of skeletons and terry cloth Kangols Flew the coop , before you hit it let me warn you She did a cool hula-hoop , but don't get any on you It's all a big scam , to make y'all eat pig ham When he's on the mic he's like the triggerman , FIGJAM DOOM , not to be confused with nobody Especially , since the flows he used was so nutty Never too woozy to go study , crews got no clues Like old cruddy Officer McGillicuddy Watch your six , he got a lot of more tricks Lyrics , bricks , on sticks sure got raw-nytics It's a gift , don't get shot for kicks With the same slick used to plot Sig Figs with Spotted at a chick flick , holdin ' hands The other one on his swollen glands , a golden chance That's why he kept them holes in his pants Rollin ' in a old van , is what he told his stolen fans Is that you ? True . Matched from hat to shoe Snafu , snatch any brew , LaBatt's Blue Black jew like that's new , patch me through No latch attached , skat shoo , catch twenty-two Super , he's loaded dice nice And overpriced , an arm and a leg ; owe ' em your life or your ice Villain , nag a grieving old hag Snag a bragger by his mic cord and leave him holding the bag Come clean , a bunch of dumb mean cream puffs A keen drum machine buff , who fiends for more green stuff Instead of starvin ' there be problems by the goo gobs Aight - somebody's robbin ' Lou Dobbs and them tonight And he's on the next flight , moonbound And makes it a point to stay away from the goon pound Got some peers , that's gone in the lost years Tears and cheers , born in the crosshairs [ Thundercleese sings ] [ Brak :] Hey Mr . Thundercleese ! What's that you were singing ? [ Thundercleese :] It is the Robotic Hymn of Doom [ Brak :] Well I always say Nuttin livens up a Robotic Hymn of Doom Better than AN AMAZING PAIR OF JUGS !The Villain ain't rhymin off bread alone Let him get some cognac , a mic and a headphone Smoke and mirrors , caught her in the mix Couldn't read the shorthand for mortars and bricks If any negative thought linger he let it vent Wrote this one with his middle finger in wet cement ... Did it on the sly Before he's gone bye bye , spit it on the fly Brush your teeth , rinse and gargle A true nerd who messed with new words since Boggle ... And used slang in Scrabble Rhymed with a Northern drawl , twang and babble Flossy pen jargon to break the world record Do a Faustian bargain and tape the girl naked ... More spots than a leopard Then he had to stop , the block was hot peppered Shepherd , leading the sheeps out to slaughter Kept it , sold and repped it , everytime he saw ya Tryin ' to douse a pinch of weed in a frat street house [ Cartoon ( MF Doom ): ] I'll make mince meat out of that ( beat ) mouse ! Welcome to the show Remember whatever you do , do not boo the flow Schooled the dumb on the number one rule of thumb What a fool ; still you never met a cooler bum Give the drummer some rum , I'm sure he could use a shot Just to get his cues hot , ensure he don't lose his spot A stranger who speaks to you vocal Danger made the beat , get a freak to do the bogle No bull , everything he wanted they grabbed and took Whole lab looked like an ill left jab and hook Even had a secretary to take the calls Shake it and make it fall , I told her don't break my balls Wherever Mouse go , trouble follows The bounty on this pro was mills and " double dollars " Vil spilled muddled flows that befuddled scholars Thick Buffalo girl with the bubble hollars She rocked leather and gold , a fat blouse And need a brother with soul to let her cat out Even if the rat couldn't compete with Kraus [ Cartoon ( MF Doom ): ] I'll make mince meat out of that ( beat ) mouse ! Tap ya toe , grime and strapped for dough Rap for show , to let the whippersnappers know Sucks to be them , now pass that loot Up under the tux he wore a hazmat suit Sounded like froggy , sip the groggiest of potions Be up in the party with the foggiest of notions On the list of lobbyists who save the oceans Gave his donation to the lady with the lotions Swoll hand itchin , the old man bitchin Switchin with the fan with the gold band twitchin Spittin like a bionic sneeze that freeze vodka Just to clear the air like the Ionic Breeze Quadra Sleek enough to outsly a fox For a chicken pot pie , thinkin outside the box Would love to taste her goody But got no time to be wastin chasin putty Out for Daffy Duck bucks , Porky Pig paper Bugs Bunny money or Sylvester Cat caper Off a DAT tape of rap , country or deep house And [ Cartoon ( MF Doom ): ] I'll make mince meat out of that ( beat ) mouse ![ Ignignokt :] Behold y'all , the digital vats of urine [ Err :] Drink up bitches ! Taste our liquid gold [ Ignignokt :] Err , you must respect yourself [ Ignignokt :] Forst you wreck yourself [ Err :] Hey man , you made a rhyme ! [ Ignignokt :] Yes it is for I am a rap God , from beyond the moon [ MF Doom :] Everybody talkin ' bout pistols , gats is boring He came with a new topic to flip you , vats of urine All pro , check the stats , his style scorin While you at it , double check that Cristal you're pourin Born of the pleads that needs a P in geniuses Broads don't see it , since they don't got these , conveniences Thank God she's not a ho In the studio when you gotta go , you gotta go Before you flow , make sure you practice or you losin You don't wanna miss and let the cactus get to oozin If any contestant splash , he's disqualified Even if one drip should slide down the bottle side Put a bum in a even better pickle Reality show , how far would you go , to get a nickel ? ... let alone a buck Listen by the window , you can hear him moanin - yuck ! Remember , tomorrow is garbage day It's not the kind of stuff you want to save and harbor away Once it gets ripened and fermented It takes on a bouquet that I should say is naturally scented Tempted by a empty can of Guinness Or waitin until we get there , say two or three minutes Yeah , when it's fresh , it's sterile Some say digestible , even edible If you was stranded out to sea , alone and in trouble Survive dehydration , guzzle your own cup full Some day , you may even show your son how To use it to make potassium nitrate for gunpowder Funded by friends of ours who's generous Join us next time when we discuss disgusting enemas [ Err :] He's like a rap God [ Err :] He's like a big log , that you find in your toilet [ Ignignokt :] Fo ' real ! [ Err :] Bow down and suck his knees ! [ Ignignokt :] And I am about to kick it all up in here [ Err :] Stand by for kicking ! [ Ignignokt :] I am the kicker Err , not you [ Ignignokt :] You kick elsewhere [ Err :] This sucks man , I'm bored [ Ignignokt :] Me too ![ Space Ghost :] I don't believe this ! I get rid of those two evil maniacs who try to ruin my show And I get two evil GUESTS who are trying to ruin my show [ Zorak :] FEH ! Just who came up with the stupid idea Of giving Space Ghost a talk show in the first place ? [ MF Doom :] How they gave his own show to Tad Ghostal Any given second he could go mad postal Stay wavin ' that power band space cannon And have the nerve to jump in the face of Race Bannon Punked out ; luckily he deaded it And guess who's the schmuck whose credited with editing it ? Your man Moltar , the cop out Ain't have no other career choice , he dropped out Since when the Way-Outs included Zorak Way back he used to rub his thorax in Borax I'm not the one that sold him to it If he won't admit it , I'm not gonna hold him to it It's all love and no hate though For all that , the Villain need to get his own late show Do a monologue and jest with the guests Madlib , switch the beat and walk him to the desk With Danger holding down the control room Late again returning from commercial - I told you Doom ! Early , he's on B . P . T Catch him on public access free TV And we're back , live on the air with Brak { " Hey ! " } So Brak , how your man got a show that's so whack ? { " What ? " } Have you ever thought to work with Err and Ignignokt an ' them ? And do you got enough oxygen from this toxic phlegm ? Another sec ' , his neck woulda got flames Mouse switched the screen to some hot dames Tonight's audience will receive miscreant video games And fifteen seconds of fame - pitiful lames ! It's just a shame ; I'm zonin Competin for the same prime time slot as Conan No dummy , Edogawa Announcement free lunch to any stunt who lets me plow her In the shower for an hour , the kids ' sposed to be asleep Or else to join it sound like Road Runner - BEEP BEEP ! Later this week - Big Ben Klingon After him there's no one else we could afford to bring on ... Keep it ghetto And let ' em know , B . Y . O . B . from the get go I'd like to propose a toast To the grossest host , Space Ho's Coast to Coast That destructo ray's a played out gag And the cape and the pants suit , lookin like a straight out ... Dag ! Don't mean to sound crunchy Hit a honey from the back and crumpled up her scrunchie A light snack , hungry munchie Felt a funny hunch , then she told him donkey punch me Tomorrow it's Father Guido Sarducci Father MC , and Charo " Coochie Coochie " With her new best seller , " Who You Call a Hoochie ? " A proud sponsor of the snoochie boochie noochies Look Leela eyeball to eyeballs And find out how to get inside them sugar pie walls Our next guest a real cutey specimen And she's startin to get a little booty , Miss Judy Jetson So Judy ; boxers , briefs or fig leaf ? As you know I wear my boxers so my big Cue the rapper tell him bring what little he got Up against the Villy , it's really not diddly-squat Until they head hurts - when it come to wreck Crews is like them dudes in red shirts off Star Trek He Kirk , he Spock , he McCoy Been b-boy , since you jerks first squeezed toys Born to be the host with the most When it's on it's on , Space Ho's Coast to Coast [ Space Ghost :] You think I'm just gonna hand over my show to you DOOM ? Have you lost your { fucking } mind ? Listen ; I'm not gonna hand my show over to you You know why ? Because , it's my show Mine , not yours - Space Ghost It ain't " Doom Coast to Coast " Yeah , yeah sure , here are the keys to the show Why don't you drive for a while ? Yeah America's cravin some Doom , here you goNot a lot of bling When he do the thing , bada boom , bada bing From the womb to the tomb Get that ricotta , bada bing , bada boom DOOM , your reputation precedes you Wail ' til you crack and see what " weed " do , you dweeb you No pun intended , takes one to know one , well no - it's unscented Yo son , demented when them sent it from the other time Before everybody and they mother rhyme What a crime - beats is the same way Make ' em wanna hit the streets with the heat for a lame's pay Game day , flag on the play , improper helmet Drag on the suede from the gem drop of well spit He didn't listen , titty kissin ' , the city glistened Depending on what from what position you're sittin ' In the pissy wind , is this thing whistlin ' ? Who let the spinnin ' , whisperin ' djinn in ? The Villain again ? Without a doubt That's his name , don't play it out Or spray it , when you say it out your mouth Then gave him a cold shoulder for a hour And told him take a gold shower for fakin ' funk , soul power Stocky , short and cocky Looked like Apollo Kreig after he fought with Rocky Rhymed in a broken Eng-a-lish slang , not cockney Thirteen , his first queen wore hot knock knees Had to tell her pops , yo stop cockblockin ' , B Hold somethin ' for your daily yay habit Then go , bada-bing-bing-bing like ricochet rabbit How ' bout the sicko say stab it ? There's liquor in the cabinet and a slicker for the crab pit And Heineken , I told him much obliged friend What I gotta spend , if I only touch her thighs then ? Why his eyes widened He didn't know your man had a nice surprise hidin ' Took pride in ridin ' in a sly wiseguy grin Real recognize real On the microphone or wheels of mechanized steel Please , at least respect your ideals How you got her walkin ' along the stroll in high heels ? He said her mamma was gettin ' old God bless her poor soul , now no more drama is your role Straight to the head He know a lot of haters can't wait ' til he dead Lead to gold , like a ho to a strange whack housewife Only thing he know : it changes back though , how trife Rules is rules , don't go there Stay on sale like a old coat made of mohair Keep a snotty chicken on E , the Lone Ranger Why everybody always pickin on Danger ? And DOOM , maybe it's him Called up my lady , told her baby it's slim Make me up a margarita , I need to take a swim Tell them kids remember school - if they let ' em out , cool But get the hell from out the pool Hey { shithead } , it's me again ! And you know what ? I just heard , IT'S ALL DONE NOW ! And somehow , I guess you must have lost my number You know what ? ! YOU SUCK ! YOU SUCK ! YOUR MUSIC SUCKS ! AND I HATE YOUR SUCKY STUPID METAL FACE ! I hope you BURN , you're going DOWN This is the last big mistake , you'll ever make YOU SUCK ! ! ! I HATE YOUR GUTS ! But , if there is another project in the future please keep me in mind Thank you Beef rap , could lead to getting teeth capped Or even a wreath for ma dukes on some grief crap I suggest you change your diet It can lead to high blood pressure if you fry it Or even a stroke , heart attack , heart disease It ain't no starting back once arteries start to squeeze Take the easy way out phony , until then They know they wouldn't be talking that baloney in the bullpen So disgusting , pardon self as I discuss this They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen the justice Bust this , like a cold milk from out the toilet Two batteries some Brillo and some foil , he'a boil it He be better off on PC glued And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood Every week it's mystery meat , seaweed stewed ( Food , we need food ! )